Fixed #32539 -- Added toggleable facet filters to ModelAdmin. (#16495)
django/django: docs/releases/5.0.txt

What's new in Django 5.0
========================

Facet filters in the admin
--------------------------

> Facet counts are now shown for applied filters in admin change-list UI. By

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Facet counts are now shown for applied filters in the admin changelist. By
```

> default, facet counts can be toggled via a ``_facets`` query parameter, but

Reviewer 2: Just one query: do we want to say, "can be toggled in the UI" now, rather than mentioning the query parameter? (Here and in docs.)

Author: Yes true, it probably is less confusing also - I've tried to update

There is a picture at the top here which I would like to update, I don't suppose this is someones test app?
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42296566/220895184-dc7dec6f-37e4-468b-ae5e-785fc94d97ab.png)

https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/4.1/ref/contrib/admin/filters/

I saw there is this ticket: https://code.djangoproject.com/ticket/34043 which would be generally useful and I could also use for updating documentation screenshots. Might be a good one for a Django sprint maybe

Reviewer 3: I have a pretty elaborate mechanism for automated screenshots for my own project, I wonder if Django might benefit from something similar?

Definitely not as a blocker for this change though!

https://simonwillison.net/2022/Oct/14/automating-screenshots/

> this behavior can be configured via the new :attr:`.ModelAdmin.show_facets`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this behavior can be changed via the new :attr:`.ModelAdmin.show_facets` attribute.
```

> 

Reviewer: I'd add a reference to the `Facets` section in the `docs/ref/contrib/admin/filters.txt`

What's new in Django 5.0
========================

Facet filters in the admin
--------------------------

Facet counts are now shown for applied filters in the admin changelist when
toggled on via the UI. This behavior can be changed via the new

> :attr:`.ModelAdmin.show_facets` attribute. For more information see

Reviewer 4: Maybe the toggle in the UI should be referred to as headline feature rather than the `ModelAdmin` attribute?

Reviewer: @smithdc1 Any wording suggestion?

Reviewer 4: I must have completely miss-read this earlier today 🤦.

The first sentence references the UI so I think it's fine as it is (for some reason I thought this section made no reference to the UI toggle at all). 

Sorry.

* The new :meth:`.AdminSite.get_log_entries` method allows customizing the
  queryset for the site's listed log entries.

* Facet counts are now shown for applied filters in admin change-list UI. By
  default, facet counts can be toggled via a ``_facets`` query parameter, but
  this behavior can be configured via the new :attr:`.ModelAdmin.show_facets`.

> 

Reviewer 2: This is a headline feature for me.

Reviewer: Agreed.
